<link rel="stylesheet" href="../style.css" type="text/css" />
The Carbon documentation refers to some types that may be uncommon to some Lua users. Types in the documentation with `lowercase` names can be found here.

# Standard Lua Types
These are types representable by the Lua `type` function, some by different names.

## `string`
This is a standard string type containing text or data.

## `number`
This is any number, including `nan`, `inf`, and `-inf`.

## `bool`
A value representing `true` or `false`. Lua knows these as `boolean` values.

## `nil`
An explicitly empty, or non-existent value.

## `table`
This refers to a table with any structure. Tables have two types of data storage, the list and dictionary parts. The list part may be traversed with `ipairs`, while the dictionary part (which is a superset of the list part) can be traversed with `pairs`.

## `userdata`
Generated by C methods or through the `newproxy` function.

## `coroutine`
A Lua coroutine, generated by a few different standard Lua functions.

## `tuple`
A loose grouping of values used when returning multiple values. A `tuple<N, x, y, z>` denotes the length and constituent types of the tuple.

# Extended Lua Types
These types are non-standard subsets of the standard array of Lua types. They specify more specific variants of the above primitives.

## `(x, y, z)`
A conglomerate type indicating that this type can be any of the types `x`, `y`, or `z`.

## `x?`
Where `x` is any other type, represnts that type or `nil`. Known as a "nullable" type, since types are non-nullable by default.
This is the same as `(x, nil)`.

## `loose<x>`
Many types can be represented in a 'loose' form, often used for intermediate conversions to prevent allocations.

## `any`
A generic type that any other type can fill.

## `FFI<x>`
Denotes a type designed for the LuaJIT FFI. Only available under LuaJIT.

## `void`
An explicitly empty, or non-existent value. This is used in place of `nil` for method signatures.

## `indexable`
A `string` or `table`, or a `userdata` with an `__index` metamethod. These types can have their members without throwing errors.

## `char`
A single-character `string`.

## `unumber`
An unsigned, positive `number`.

## `int`
An integer.

## `uint`
An unsigned, positive `int`.

## `list`
A table with data in the list part. Data can also exist in the dictionary part of the array, but it will not be used. A list can specify the types of its values, in the form of `list<valuetype>`.

## `dictionary`
A `table` with data in the list or dictionary parts. A dictionary can specify the types of its keys and values, in the form of `dictionary<keytype, valuetype>`.

## `set`
An alias to `dictionary<any, bool>`, that is, a dictionary whose keys can be anything, but whose values must be boolean. A `set` is said to be "explicit" if it contains both `true` and `false` members, explicitly excluding members from the set by name.

Sets can override the default key type of `any` using the form `set<keytype>`.